Fiber facts (#93)
rzk-lang/sHoTT: src/simplicial-hott/05-segal-types.rzk.md

  their data.
- `hott/total-space.md` — We rely on
  `#!rzk is-equiv-projection-contractible-fibers` and
  `#!rzk projection-total-type` in the proof of Theorem 5.5.

> - `3-simplicial-type-theory.md` — We rely on definitions of simplicies and their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `02-simplicial-type-theory.rzk.md` — We rely on definitions of simplicies and their
```
